Remove support for legacy semantics for field/method search (#4575)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-6.0.0-M1.adoc

  - `EngineTestKit.execute(String, EngineDiscoveryRequest)`,
    `EngineTestKit.execute(TestEngine, EngineDiscoveryRequest)`, and
    `EngineTestKit.Builder.filters(...)` methods

> * Remove support for "legacy semantics" for field and method search that used to be
>   configurable via the `junit.platform.reflection.search.useLegacySemantics` system
>   property. JUnit now always adheres to standard Java semantics regarding whether a given
>   field or method is visible or overridden according to the rules of the Java language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for "legacy semantics" for field and method searches that used to be
  configurable via the `junit.platform.reflection.search.useLegacySemantics` system
  property has been removed. JUnit now always adheres to standard Java semantics regarding
  whether a given field or method is visible or overridden according to the rules of the
  Java language.
```
